[SRVKE-1615] Document JobSink (#84811)
openshift/openshift-docs: eventing/event-sinks/serverless-jobsink.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="serverless-jobsink"]
= JobSink
:context: serverless-jobsink

toc::[]

> Event processing should typically complete within a short time frame, such as a few minutes. This ensures that the HTTP connection remains open and the service does not scale down prematurely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event processing usually completes within a short time frame, such as a few minutes. This ensures that the HTTP connection remains open and the service does not scale down prematurely.
```

> Maintaining long-running connections increases the risk of failure, potentially leading to processing restarts and repeated request retries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintaining long-running connections increases the risk of failure, potentially leading to processing restarts and repeated request retries.
```
